docs/jupiterone.md, before:

# Integration with JupiterOne

## Heroku + JupiterOne Integration Benefits

- Visualize Heroku teams, users, applications, and services in the JupiterOne
  graph.
- Map Heroku users to employees in your JupiterOne account.
- Monitor changes to your teams, users, applications, and services using
  JupiterOne alerts.

## How it Works

- JupiterOne periodically fetches Heroku teams, users, applications, and
  services to update the graph.
- Write JupiterOne queries to review and monitor updates to the graph.
- Configure alerts to take action when the JupiterOne graph changes.

## Requirements

- JupiterOne requires an API key configured for read access in your Heroku
  account.
- You must have permission in JupiterOne to install new integrations.

## Support

If you need help with this integration, please contact
[JupiterOne Support](https://support.jupiterone.io).

## Integration Walkthrough

### In Heroku

Users configure the integration by providing an API key obtained from Heroku:
<https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/platform-api-quickstart#authentication>.

**Please Note**: The integration currently requires a Heroku Enterprise account
and the following OAuth scopes:

- `read`

Optional OAuth scopes:

- `global`
  - Allows for fetching members of a Heroku team

### In JupiterOne

1. From the configuration **Gear Icon**, select **Integrations**.
2. Scroll to the **Herokue** integration tile and click it.
3. Click the **Add Configuration** button and configure the following settings:

- Enter the **Account Name** by which you'd like to identify this Heroku account
  in JupiterOne. Ingested entities will have this value stored in
  `tag.AccountName` when **Tag with Account Name** is checked.
- Enter a **Description** that will further assist your team when identifying
  the integration instance.
- Select a **Polling Interval** that you feel is sufficient for your monitoring
  needs. You may leave this as `DISABLED` and manually execute the integration.
- Enter the **API Key** configured for read access.

4. Click **Create Configuration** once all values are provided.

## How to Uninstall

1. From the configuration **Gear Icon**, select **Integrations**.
2. Scroll to the **Heroku** integration tile and click it.
3. Identify and click the **integration to delete**.
4. Click the **trash can** icon.
5. Click the **Remove** button to delete the integration.

<!-- {J1_DOCUMENTATION_MARKER_START} -->
<!--
********************************************************************************
NOTE: ALL OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTATION IS GENERATED USING THE
"j1-integration document" COMMAND. DO NOT EDIT BY HAND! PLEASE SEE THE DEVELOPER
DOCUMENTATION FOR USAGE INFORMATION:

https://github.com/JupiterOne/sdk/blob/main/docs/integrations/development.md
********************************************************************************
-->

## Data Model

### Entities

The following entities are created:

| Resources          | Entity `_type`          | Entity `_class` |
| ------------------ | ----------------------- | --------------- |
| Addon              | `heroku_addon`          | `Service`       |
| Application        | `heroku_application`    | `Application`   |
| Enterprise Account | `heroku_account`        | `Account`       |
| Team               | `heroku_team`           | `Team`          |
| User               | `heroku_account_member` | `User`          |

### Relationships

The following relationships are created:

| Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type`   |
| --------------------- | --------------------- | ----------------------- |
| `heroku_account`      | **HAS**               | `heroku_account_member` |
| `heroku_account`      | **HAS**               | `heroku_team`           |
| `heroku_application`  | **HAS**               | `heroku_addon`          |
| `heroku_team`         | **HAS**               | `heroku_account_member` |
| `heroku_team`         | **OWNS**              | `heroku_application`    |

<!--
********************************************************************************
END OF GENERATED DOCUMENTATION AFTER BELOW MARKER
********************************************************************************
-->
<!-- {J1_DOCUMENTATION_MARKER_END} -->

Commit message:

Updating jupiterone.md to note admin/member role differences.

docs/jupiterone.md, after:

# Integration with JupiterOne

## Heroku + JupiterOne Integration Benefits

- Visualize Heroku teams, users, applications, and services in the JupiterOne
  graph.
- Map Heroku users to employees in your JupiterOne account.
- Monitor changes to your teams, users, applications, and services using
  JupiterOne alerts.

## How it Works

- JupiterOne periodically fetches Heroku teams, users, applications, and
  services to update the graph.
- Write JupiterOne queries to review and monitor updates to the graph.
- Configure alerts to take action when the JupiterOne graph changes.

## Requirements

- JupiterOne requires an API key configured for read access in your Heroku
  account.
- You must have permission in JupiterOne to install new integrations.

## Support

If you need help with this integration, please contact
[JupiterOne Support](https://support.jupiterone.io).

## Integration Walkthrough

### In Heroku

Users configure the integration by providing an API key obtained from Heroku:
<https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/platform-api-quickstart#authentication>.

**Please Note**: The integration currently requires a Heroku Enterprise account
and the following OAuth scopes:

- `read`

Optional OAuth scopes:

- `global`
  - Allows for fetching members of a Heroku team

The account used to generate the API key will dictate what permissions it has.
For full access to all available data, an account with the `admin` role should
be used. Using an account with the `member` role will be able to pull in most
data, but currently application add-on information is only available using the
`admin` role.

### In JupiterOne

1. From the configuration **Gear Icon**, select **Integrations**.
2. Scroll to the **Herokue** integration tile and click it.
3. Click the **Add Configuration** button and configure the following settings:

- Enter the **Account Name** by which you'd like to identify this Heroku account
  in JupiterOne. Ingested entities will have this value stored in
  `tag.AccountName` when **Tag with Account Name** is checked.
- Enter a **Description** that will further assist your team when identifying
  the integration instance.
- Select a **Polling Interval** that you feel is sufficient for your monitoring
  needs. You may leave this as `DISABLED` and manually execute the integration.
- Enter the **API Key** configured for read access.

4. Click **Create Configuration** once all values are provided.

## How to Uninstall

1. From the configuration **Gear Icon**, select **Integrations**.
2. Scroll to the **Heroku** integration tile and click it.
3. Identify and click the **integration to delete**.
4. Click the **trash can** icon.
5. Click the **Remove** button to delete the integration.

<!-- {J1_DOCUMENTATION_MARKER_START} -->
<!--
********************************************************************************
NOTE: ALL OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTATION IS GENERATED USING THE
"j1-integration document" COMMAND. DO NOT EDIT BY HAND! PLEASE SEE THE DEVELOPER
DOCUMENTATION FOR USAGE INFORMATION:

https://github.com/JupiterOne/sdk/blob/main/docs/integrations/development.md
********************************************************************************
-->

## Data Model

### Entities

The following entities are created:

| Resources          | Entity `_type`          | Entity `_class` |
| ------------------ | ----------------------- | --------------- |
| Addon              | `heroku_addon`          | `Service`       |
| Application        | `heroku_application`    | `Application`   |
| Enterprise Account | `heroku_account`        | `Account`       |
| Team               | `heroku_team`           | `Team`          |
| User               | `heroku_account_member` | `User`          |

### Relationships

The following relationships are created:

| Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type`   |
| --------------------- | --------------------- | ----------------------- |
| `heroku_account`      | **HAS**               | `heroku_account_member` |
| `heroku_account`      | **HAS**               | `heroku_team`           |
| `heroku_application`  | **HAS**               | `heroku_addon`          |
| `heroku_team`         | **HAS**               | `heroku_account_member` |
| `heroku_team`         | **OWNS**              | `heroku_application`    |

<!--
********************************************************************************
END OF GENERATED DOCUMENTATION AFTER BELOW MARKER
********************************************************************************
-->
<!-- {J1_DOCUMENTATION_MARKER_END} -->
